Layered sandbox permissions (#746)
phylum-dev/cli: docs/extensions/extension_sandboxing.md

`write`, and `run` accept either a path to be allowed or a boolean, `net` only
allows for a boolean value.

## Limitations

The `PhylumApi.runSandboxed` method is the only allowed means of spawning

> child processes from an extension. In order to prevent extension to escape the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
child processes from an extension. In order to prevent extensions from escaping the
```

> sandbox, methods such as `Deno.run` are explicitly disabled.

Reviewer: "Methods such as" is incredibly unclear here. Makes it sound like we deny a bunch of other stuff but don't actually document it.

Should just be "the `Deno.run` is explicitly disabled." or something like that. Sounds a little nicer if you turn it around and start with `The Deno.run method is explicitly disabled, to prevent bla bla bla`.

Author: Wanted to discuss this -- in newer releases of Deno, I've noticed there are other methods of spawning processes besides `run` such as [`spawnChild`](https://doc.deno.land/deno/unstable/~/Deno.spawnChild). We don't necessarily want to bump Deno releases anytime soon, and I don't think those methods exist for the runtime version we are using; but if we ever do, we should be aware of those, otherwise escaping the sandbox could be a possibility.

I'm cool with simplifying the wording for the time being.

The method is not allowed to specify permissions that are less restrictive than

> the ones specified in the manifest.

Reviewer: This is super duper annoying semantics, but it might be easier to understand "more permissive" than "less restrictive"? Almost a double negative kinda deal, some people might struggle a bit more to wrap their head around it.
